Add CHANGELOG for v0.1 (#10)
turbot/steampipe-mod-terraform-aws-compliance: CHANGELOG.md

## v0.1 [2022-01-20]

_What's new?_

> - Added 36 benchmarks and 142 controls to check Terraform AWS resources against security best practices for security best practices. Controls for following services have been added:

Reviewer: Added 36 benchmarks and 142 controls to check Terraform AWS resources against security best practices. Controls for the following services have been added:

## v0.1 [2022-01-20]

_What's new?_

> - Added 36 benchmarks and 142 controls to detect Terraform AWS resources deviating from security best practices prior to deployment in your AWS accounts

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Added 36 benchmarks and 142 controls to check Terraform AWS resources against security best practices for security best practices. Controls for following services have been added:
  - API Gateway
  - Auto Scaling
  - Backup
  - ...
```
